hello cooks this Friday we are almost
on the eve of Easter and then
we propose you a very typical recipe
of the Italian tradition for this time
the recipe that we are going to propose is the
leg of lamb the
ingredients that we need are
obviously we start with a leg of
lamb weighs a kilo a kilo and
medium to me I like it like that so I can
leave it a little red inside the
Lamb meat is a meat that
very beautiful left when it stays
pink inside and with this weight you can
have the possibility to decide how much
do it as soon as you leave the column
Other ingredients that we need are
a sprig of rosemary and a few sprigs of
Sage a little salt and pepper
we need olive oil obviously
a glass of white wine to give a little
of lamb flavor
and we also need to make a caldito
for a broth we need an onion and
a carrot the broth we need
because the leg of lamb needs a lot
time inside the oven then it
could dry then let's prepare
this soup apart and we are adding what
little by little during cooking for
keep it from drying out let's see now
how the lamb leg is prepared
oven the first step is to prepare the
broth to prepare the broth
put a little bit of boiling water and
we have put an onion and a carrot
cooking
meanwhile we can prepare the
mix we need to season
our lamb leg in the mix
let's put our rosemary and our
salvia then what we are going to do is
take the rosemary and remove the leaves
because we do not need the twigs
and we do the same with salvia
we add a little bit of olive oil
and ground pepper
let's put a font preferably
of glass let's put our paw on
Lamb inside the fountain
let's play our herbal mix
and we are going to throw it over the
leg of lamb
taking care that we take well the
oil and we throw it over we can
help us with a brush
we turn around and do the same for
the other side
now that our leg of lamb
seasoned we put it for 10 15
minutes in the oven very very strong to 220
degrees so that it browns well
It has been more or less 15 minutes we will
to take out the lamb
As you can see it has been cooked very well
on the outside I like the noise of the oil
what is this we are going to do now
is to drink it with a little white wine
let's throw the white wine over
and we wait 5 minutes until the wine
have not gone away completely have passed
about 5 minutes and the wine should
be absorbed
we take the lamb out of the oven let's play
our broth and we're going to add a
tablespoon
the lamb now needs to be more or
minus 40 minutes depending on how much
of cooked you want it inside what
I advise you to use a thermometer
to cook inside the oven so what
you can put on the lamb by touching
reaching its innermost part and you can
find out the temperature
we will put it inside the oven until
reach about 170 degrees every 10
15 minutes we will take it out and we will add
a spoonful of broth
40 minutes have passed we have been
putting a little bit of each data every 10
minutes more or less about our
lamb and let's see now how
we're
Well, it seems to be very good
we are going to take it and put it inside
our plate
ah
Hello
Y
we put it on our plate together with
the potatoes of Italian chefs if
you want to see the recipe for potatoes
kitchen two Italians click above
for this dish and you will get straight to the
recipe
This is the Italian dish par excellence
from the Holy Week
cook it and tell us how obviously if
you still have not done subscribe to
channel if you liked this video
I like it and follow us on facebook in
instagram and in all our networks
social and do not forget to share this
video let's hope you have a wonderful time
Holy week with our lamb and
our potatoes
to